[theme song starts]
[digital typing and beeping]
♪ Here we are, going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital whirring and beeping]
WRONG EXPOSURE
[Aelita] Are you sure we'll find something
useful in my father's house?
We've already got everything
that seemed important.
We left everything behind
that we thought was useless.
And that was our mistake.
We did find Franz Hopper's notes
thanks to your little Mr. Pück.
It's just as I thought,
you're really desperate.
No, it's just that I don't want to leave
anything to chance
when it comes to fighting XANA.
-Well, where do we start?
-Try the living room.
I'll look in the study.
[tense music]
[gasps]
[Aelita gasps]
[alarm blaring]
Aelita, have you found anything yet?
-Yes, my former life.
-[Jeremy] What is it?
Nothing, just a picture of…
Of me and my father.
You and your father?
That's so cool, that you found it.
Can I see it?
-[Jeremy] You look so happy.
-I was.
It must have been one of the last pictures
taken with daddy just before…
I mean… You know… Before…
What's that there,
behind your father? Huh!
Bingo! Those formulas…
I can read some of them.
It's a rough draft of a programming code.
-We have to blow up this photo.
-Hang on.
It's a one in a billion chance
those formulas have something
to do with the Supercomputer.
Great, I love challenging
the law of probability.
Besides, you said yourself
that I was desperate, right?
So what have we got to lose?
[theme music]
[computer chirping]
[typing]
I was right! It is a program!
-[unintelligible chatter]
-Hmm…
Odd, you only took two rounds
of seconds. Are you sick?
No, I'm okay.
Is this about Anaïs Fiquet by any chance?
Hmm… Incredible.
I can't get her
to notice me whatever I do.
You could try growing a few inches.
-You wanna try wearing today's lunch?
-[Yumi] Ah, here comes Aelita.
-So, is Jeremy still at the Hermitage?
-He's in his room. He's not hungry.
Guess that means you struck pay dirt
while you were there.
I have no idea.
He thinks there may be something useful
in an old picture we found.
A picture! Now why didn't I think
of that before?
-Hmm?
-Right!
I just have to send Anaïs my best photo,
the one with my killer smile,
and she'll be eating out of my hand.
If you ask me, you'd be better off
sending a picture of Kiwi.
-She loves little dogs.
-How do you know that?
-Hmm…
-[laughs]
[Jeremy typing]
-[door knocking]
-Hmm…
-Einstein, I need your computer.
-Yeah, what for?
To send an important message.
I just need to log into my e-mail.
Hmm?
Okay, I finished anyway.
I'm gonna go and eat.
Let me know when you're done.
And don't touch anything else!
-No problem. You know me.
-I do. That's the problem.
-[laughs]
-[computer blipping]
If you don't fall head over heels
for me this time, Anaïs,
then my name is not Odd Della Robbia.
[digital whirring]
Hmm…
-[computer chirping]
-Mmm… A new message?
From Odd.
I wonder what that dork wants.
Well, let's have look.
[computer chirping]
Let's see now.
A picture of Mrs. Einstein…
Now that's a pretty dumb thing to send.
Hmm!
That guy… I'm sure I've seen him before.
Now that's what I call a job well done.
Tonight I'll be out
with the prettiest girl at Kadic.
By the name of…
Sissi Delmas?
What did I just do?
How could I have done that?
Oh, and I even sent the wrong photograph!
Ah, I can't believe I'm such
a computer lame!
And Einstein is gonna kill me
for this.
[crying]
[theme music]
I cannot believe this.
I had no idea that Franz Hopper had family
connections with Aelita Stones.
And who is this, uh, Franz Hopper guy?
A former teacher here at Kadic,
who disappeared one day without a trace.
Suzanne Hertz took his place.
You were much too young at the time
to have known anything about it.
Not really. Otherwise,
I wouldn't have brought you the picture.
[principal Delmas] Hmm…
And where did this photo come from?
It was in an e-mail that I just got
today from Odd Della Robbia.
Della Robbia? Isn't he Aelita's cousin?
So then he's related to Franz Hopper too.
Very interesting.
I think I had better call the two
of them in here for an explanation.
Very good idea. Make them tell the truth
and give you a clear explanation.
And if they don't, make sure
they get a really hard punishment.
Mmm… Shouldn't you be
in class now, Elisabeth?
[chuckles]
[principal Delmas] Hmm…
[Jeremy] I didn't find
anything useful in the photo.
Just a setup program
to reboot the Supercomputer.
Nothing to write home about,
although it could come in handy one day.
So then, I guess
the picture's not so top secret after all.
No, but we'd better keep it a secret.
I wouldn't want a picture of Aelita with
her father to fall into the wrong hands.
[groans]
You mean like Sissi's hands?
-Oh, no, Odd, you couldn't have!
-Yes I could.
-[Jeremy] Hmm…
-Hey, Stones and Della Robbia,
the principal wants to see you
in his office on the double!
And, uh, while we're at it, Belpois,
Stern and Ishiyama, you go with them.
I'm sure that Mr. Delmas has a bunch
of questions for you too.
But, huh… We've got a class right now.
You heard me, get going!
-[Odd] Hmm… I can't believe that.
-[everybody mumbling]
[grunts]
[theme music]
[Jim] You heard the principal, young lady.
No more funny games.
I've had a whole lot of tougher
nuts to crack than you!
So, last name, first name, occupation.
Well, hmm… Stones… Aelita…
[groans]
Girl?
[Jim] Hmm. You think
I'm an idiot, don't you, huh?
Calm down, Jim.
There's no need for the third degree.
I just have a few questions to ask,
that's all.
Sorry, Sir.
[principal Delmas clears throat]
What intrigues me about this photograph
is the presence of both Franz Hopper
and Aelita Stone.
And they seem to be very close too.
And so, the obvious question is
whether your name is really Aelita Stones.
Yes, Sir, Aelita Stones is my real name.
I'm the daughter of huh…
Franz and, huh, Anthea Stones.
Hmm?
And are you really Canadian?
Yes, I am.
-And are you really an orphan?
-I am.
And is Odd Della Robbia
really your cousin?
Yes, Sir.
Hmm…
With your permission, Mr. Delmas…
On the photo,
Aelita looks about twelve or thirteen.
Yes, and what of it?
Well, you said that Franz Hopper taught
here at Kadic about nine years ago.
So, if that's really Aelita
in the picture,
she would be twenty-two years old now
and not thirteen.
But as you can see, Aelita is thirteen
years old and not twenty two.
So that can't be Aelita in the photo.
We can thus conclude that Aelita
is not related to Franz Hopper,
that she's telling the truth
about being Canadian,
an orphan and the fact
that she's really Odd's cousin.
Hmm…
Very interesting. So then, while
I'm checking out this identity business,
you are all confined to the library
for the rest of the day,
-[Odd gasps]
-under Jim's supervision.
-Wonderful.
-Hmm?
I see.
So then, the Canadian Consulate
has no record whatsoever
of an Aelita Stones in its birth records.
Yes, I'll definitely keep you informed.
Thank you. Good-bye.
[electricity crackles]
[principal Delmas groans]
[grunting]
Hmm…
[chewing]
Huh? Oh, no, an activated tower!
-Huh?
-What?
[both gasp]
Anything wrong, Mr. Delmas?
Uh, Miss Aelita Stones… I'd like
to have a word with you, alone.
Jim, make certain nobody
leaves this library.
[gasps]
Huh?
Huh? Aelita… No!
Where do you think you're going, Belpois?
It's Delmas. He's been Xanafied.
Aelita mustn't go with him, Jim!
Well, I don't know if I'd go
as far as "sanctifying" him.
And by the way, it's not Delmas.
It's Mister Delmas to you.
[birds chirping]
Aren't we going to your office, Sir?
No, I'd rather stay on the campus.
And I'd rather we went to your office!
[screams]
Get back to your seats.
No one's going anywhere!
But Jim, Aelita's in danger!
So, you wanna play hardball.
If you wanna get through,
you'll have to use what I taught you
-at my commando camp!
-If you say so.
-[all] Attack!
-[Jim screams]
-Touchdown!
-Hurry guys, tie him up!
[tense music]
[mechanical whirring]
[all panting]
Just think what'll happen if the return
to the past doesn't work.
Jim will kill us.
We've got a bigger
problem to deal with first.
Compared to that, Jim's a piece o' cake.
[mechanical whirring]
[all panting]
[digital whirring]
[all groaning]
[all grunting]
Come on!
[mechanical whirring]
He looks like he just had a fight
with his daughter.
-[Odd] Go and find Aelita!
-[Jeremy] Okay, good luck.
[both grunting]
[Odd screams]
[glitches and grunts]
-Two-point conversion!
-[principal Delmas grunts]
-[Odd gasps]
[Jeremy] He's virtualized Aelita.
She's in the Forest Sector.
-I'm sending you two in right now.
-[nods]
[gasps]
Jeremy… Are you there, Jeremy?
[Jeremy through computer]
I'm with you, Aelita.
Hang in there.
Ulrich and Yumi are on the way.
[gasps]
Huh? The Scyphozoa?
Hello, you slimy ugly jellyfish…
[groaning]
[Jeremy] Hurry up!
The Scyphozoa going after Aelita!
We're ready.
-Transfer Yumi.
-[computer blipping]
Scanner Yumi.
-Transfer Ulrich. Scanner Ulrich.
-[scanning]
Virtualization.
Huh!
[gasps]
Ugh! I forgot how ugly it was.
I thought you liked seafood.
Not the nasty type. Ready to go?
[Yumi panting]
[digital whirring]
XANA's sent us some visitors.
But they're not gonna stop us.
[groaning]
Impact!
[grunts]
I don't like jellyfish or shellfish.
-[groaning]
-[grunts]
[glitches and grunts]
Well, all of a sudden
our principal's a Ninja.
[principal Delmas grunting]
[grunting]
[screams]
Pretty good there, Jackie Chan.
Let's see how good you are at baseball.
-Hmm…
-[principal Delmas grunts]
[grunts]
Whoops uh…
Why don't we talk this over, okay?
-[grunts]
-I guess that's a no.
Banzai!
-[glitches]
-[laughs]
[panting]
[groaning and panting]
[gasps]
This can't be happening!
[pants and gasps]
[groans]
Aelita… Oh, no!
That awful monster is implanting data
in Aelita's brain!
Yumi, Ulrich…
-[Yumi through computer] Yes, Jeremy?
-What's going on?
The Scyphozoa's caught Aelita.
She's not too far from you.
Why can't you get to her?
[Ulrich through computer]
We're taking a nap, Einstein.
What do you think?
We're up to our ears in shellfish!
Take that, you clammy monsters!
-[grunts]
-[Krab growls]
Super sprint!
[panting and groaning]
[explosive splash]
Crabs might just become my favorite dish!
-[Ulrich grunts]
-[Yumi grunts]
[theme music]
[glitches and grunts]
[gasps]
Wow, you really ought to be
on Dance Fever, Mr. Delmas.
Well, I hate to fight and run, but…
Mmm…
[grunts]
-Too late.
-[both panting]
[Yumi] Aelita!
Oh, I don't believe it.
That guy is a tough cookie.
He's gotta be out there.
[screams in fear]
-Aelita! Aelita, are you okay?
-[growls]
-[Aelita in robotic voice] I'm fine.
-[both gasps]
[groans]
[Yumi] Ulrich!
[Tarantulas growling]
-[lasers blasting]
-[gasping]
[Yumi groans]
Aelita!
[Yumi] Where's she going? She's crazy!
[Jeremy] XANA used the Scyphozoa
to brainwash Aelita.
She's heading for the Digital Sea
to throw herself in. Make her stop.
[Ulrich] Oh, yeah,
and how do you expect us to do that?
You can devirtualize her.
Why don't you bring her in?
What do you think I've been
trying to do? But I can't.
The Scyphozoa must have implanted
some sort of inhibitor in her brain.
You'll have to attack her.
[lasers blasting]
-[Ulrich] You've gotta be kidding!
-[Jeremy] You heard me.
I'm telling you to devirtualize Aelita.
[Ulrich] Okay, I'm on it.
Super sprint!
[both grunt]
Huh? Huh?
[laughs evilly]
Oh, okay…
[Ulrich] Yah!
[both panting and grunting]
[lasers blasting]
[grunting]
[Yumi] Jeremy,
things are getting complicated over here.
How's Odd doing with Delmas?
We could use a little backup.
[groaning]
-[grunts]
-[screams]
[Jeremy] Ulrich, stop everything,
and whatever you do,
don't devirtualize Aelita!
Don't worry. I wasn't even close.
What's up?
Odd's getting walloped by Delmas.
We have to get Aelita
to deactivate the tower.
[Ulrich]
Yeah, why don't you just ask her?
I'm sure she'll be happy
-to accommodate.
-I don't know what to tell you.
Either we lose Aelita, or we lose Odd.
[grunting]
This guy's out of his mind!
[grunts]
He's not getting any better either.
[both grunting]
[both gasping and groaning]
[Aelita grunting]
Hey, I'm the one who taught you that.
[groans]
No!
-[Aelita screams]
-[Ulrich grunts]
[both grunting]
I don't believe it. If only I could
erase everything and start over.
But… Why not? I can do that!
Hmm…
[groans]
Yah!
[lasers blasting]
[Jeremy through computer]
Yumi, Ulrich, get ready.
I'm going to reboot the Supercomputer
with my new program.
Huh? But couldn't that bug up
the whole system?
Yeah maybe,
but it just might give us
the kind of electroshock we need
to free Aelita
from the Scyphozoa's control.
[Yumi] You sure you know
what you're doing?
Well, we don't have much
of a choice, do we?
[both grunting]
[screams and gasps]
Here we go.
[digital whirring]
-[computer glitching]
-Hmm?
[trembling]
-[growl]
-[Yumi gasps]
[wind howling]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[wind howling]
-[groans] Hmm…
-[growls]
[sighs]
Looks like it might have worked, Jeremy.
But I think Aelita's
almost out of life points.
[Jeremy] She'll regenerate herself
as soon as she's in the tower.
Anyway, it didn't put the Tarantula
in a better mood.
[moans]
What happened?
Aelita, you can rest later.
There's a tower to deactivate.
Odd is in danger.
-I'm sending you the overbike.
-[Aelita through computer] Roger.
[groaning]
-[growls]
-[screams]
[Aelita groans]
[laser blasting]
[groans]
Hmm…
[laser blasting]
[growls]
[theme music]
[mechanical footsteps]
Come on, princess.
This is no time to go to sleep.
-[sighs]
-[growls]
[gasps]
[laser blasting]
[groaning]
[gasps]
[growls]
Too late.
-[laser blasting]
-[grunts]
[principal Delmas grunts]
Okay, Jean-Pierre, you win. I give up.
Why don't you just give me detention
on Saturday instead of--
-[ethereal music]
-[beeping]
What about if I do your dishes
for you and all the cleaning up?
[beeping]
[grunts]
Oh, you disappoint me,
you know. Mr. Delmas,
I thought you were stronger than that.
Tower deactivated.
[Jeremy] Whew! Return to the past now.
[birds chirping]
[Aelita]
No, Delmas couldn't possibly know me.
My father may have been a teacher here,
but I studied at home,
and so I never attended Kadic.
So no chance of finding any trace
of Aelita Hopper.
No, none.
Especially since my real name
isn't Hopper.
[all] Hmm?
Schaefer's my real name.
When we moved into the Hermitage,
my father wanted to make
a brand new start.
Franz was his middle name.
Hopper's my mother's maiden name.
Aelita Schaefer? That is really
incredible you knew that, Einstein?
Yeah, but it makes no difference.
As far as everyone's concerned,
Aelita's name now and forever
is Aelita Stones!
[bell rings]
[Yumi] Time for class Lyoko warriors!
-[grunts]
-[Aelita laughs]
[theme music]